is a person who has been working
with Ana Rosa for many years and as a
correspondent for Telecinco in several
countries. Alex
has been cut off. Our Alex, there he comes back,
there he came back. Here I am. Here he is. I was
asking you, I was
saying that you have been
working for Ana Rosa for many years and
as a correspondent for Telecinco in many
countries. No, I mean, it's connecting with
Paris, with Italy, with everywhere. No,
look, I started with La Rosa
many years ago, I think I was 38
now, and they were La Rosa. I was in their
production company when I was already 21 years old, so
right, and with them I did a lot, I did
several projects, and then they
took me to the parent program of the
production company at that time it was
Quartz, which is the program Ana Rosa, and yes, I was there for
like ten seasons and a
lot. Because if you're 38, you're from my
age, it was exactly 85,
I see them as something from another life,
literally, eh. I feel like my life went by
in a flash, I mean, I swear
that I live at a pace that I
feel like I'm going a thousand kilometers per hour, I
mean, for me it was yesterday when I started
working with Ana Rosa and
after her, I mean, look, I
was obviously working in Madrid
there there with her and And that day when she
was her person when I said
goodbye to her we both cried and the
whole story because in the end the
program Rosa was my school and I am
very grateful to all of them and I feel like
that was yesterday and I have been
in Miami for almost eight years. So you are from you
are from Madrid no I am from Tarifa I am from the
Canary Islands and
and well it's what I was going to tell you but you haven't
lost your accent like that well you
haven't lost it it has a bit you know
when when I went to study
England from England I stayed in
Madrid I was in Madrid for about 15 years
or so And when I worked in
Madrid at Telecinco I tried to
neutralize the accent a little which is
something that was common in the past there was the one so that they would
see us well who we
were For example you are Andalusian
no Yes so that they dress us well at a
national level well we have to neutralize
the accent a little because it was common otherwise
the directors would look at you a little strange
no and I I  I felt that speaking about the
Canary Islands I wasn't going to have the same
opportunities as someone who was
born in Madrid and
well, I neutralized the accent a little bit
that at the time I was criticized a lot
and I spoke like you know Ana
Rosa Good morning and
then nothing and then with the passing of the
years when you're gaining a little bit of
credibility and when you finally start
earning a little bit of a name within
the profession you say [ __ ] it I mean the
best thing we have in Spain
the richest thing is our culture the
difference in accents and normally
when you when you're outside
your city, for example, since I've been
here for seven or eight years on the internet
when when you see my videos from the
beginning I have an Andalusian accent but it's very
closed, I mean in fact many people
when they listened to me from Latin America if they did
n't understand me and I've gone without meaning to or I
mean I haven't done it on purpose
neutralizing a little bit more but you
after so many years you still have
that
very pretty accent it's very pretty
when I was like a rose you
change it a little bit so that you can be
understood and to reach as
comfortably as possible all corners
of Spain but  Look, when I came here I
actually lost a little bit of El Canario and
when I came to the United States where the
audience that watches us is Hispanic from
all over Latin America who once
emigrated here to the United States, there I
realized how lucky I was, how lucky I was to be so,
so big for
the fact of being Canarian. Because all
Latinos have some connection with Los
Canarios or just like with Galicians,
they have some roots there and the
fact of being Canarian means that
in the end the accent at the end of
Spanish doesn't sound so, so, so strong to them.
It's very rare for Spaniards who are
lucky enough to go on television in the United
States. It's very, very rare. In
fact, I think there are only two
people here that I know of who work in
television in the United States. I mean,
in front of the camera behind the camera. There are a
lot of bosses and very, very dear people
but it's very rare because the accent for
them is very, very strong, nevertheless it
appears there. And then they tell me, Uy, it
seems Venezuelan, it seems Cuban, it seems like I do
n't know what. And there I have really managed to make
a name for myself and a and a  found
the niche there thanks to the
Canary Islands thing Yeah because you're getting
pretty far No no there well I
was eight years on sulta la sopa
on Telemundo its plot was to be the
number one entertainment show on
Telemundo and suddenly one day to the next it
ends Also the show was doing very well I
think it was an agreement I don't know
if economic whatever for which they
had to cancel it and from there I
went to the competition and that's where I am
now at Univision which is the
number one channel in the entire
Spanish speaking United States and there I was on the on the
longest running show in the
history of the United States called
El Gordo y la Flaca and from there I was
a little bit slow and from there I became that
whoever can which is the
slvame una like the salon in the United
States a program that is on daily at
one in the afternoon from one to two in the
afternoon and there I am one of the
hosts on the on the on the
number one what happened what happened
something on the stage is collapsing
the one you're on now is a kind I've
been  watching because on YouTube I did
upload it in case a lot of people
ask me a lot but you can see
the program on YouTube that you
're on now I've been watching. Today I watched an
entire episode of Friday's episode
yes the thing is that it airs on
Univision for example it airs on
Univision today at one in the afternoon yes and
twenty-four hours later you already have it
on YouTube because you know that the
program is not only seen by the entire United
States but I'm lucky that
all of Latin America has also bought it. So
since there are really those who pay for it, it
's one viewing is in the United States.
So in the afternoon at night they
air on other Latin American channels
that buy it and what we do is
give YouTube twenty-four hours to
upload it there so that people who
see it a little later well or from
other countries also for example who
want to enjoy it and so on. We are not
on Venevision which is the number one channel
in Venezuela, we are on we are on
Ecuavisa in Ecuador we are, I mean
we are lucky that it can be seen everywhere
when it airs everywhere it's when it is
uploaded on YouTube twenty-four
hours later and  because at one in the
afternoon there the schedules are different
from here I imagine no
Yes at one in the afternoon people are already
eaten and
here they are
not, I mean it's like it's after
lunch We
have to keep the people
up there Well here here it depends on the area and it
's very similar to slvame or rather the same
type of content spontaneity
naturalness the collaborators suddenly
fight among themselves Well slvame
really
or very or very loved or very dear or quite
the opposite I personally believe that
from the beginning they formed in the
end they made a way of making
television that didn't exist and you have to
give them all the credit in the world they have
created what I believe is the
naturalness of television No, that of standing
there as if they were at home and
eating that is very complicated because all of us
when we make television
suddenly it's like we change And we
started to speak differently and they and
they gave it like that naturalness and
I always admired it too much and when
Suelta la sopa ended which was this
program that I'm telling you about, a reference to
showbiz, heartfelt terms of the
heart of everything  from all of Latin America
when the executive producer of
Suelta la sopa finished, who is also my manager,
always For a year
we always talked about doing things like slvame
and I don't know what And suddenly one day he came to me and
said You know I already have it and I create This
program called sit down who
can inspired without a doubt in everything
that he and I talked about in the salon Yes, I mean you
could say that it's an
inspiration to slvame of course the
only difference is that to
give it a little excitement we say that it
's a reality show of collaborators of
panelists as they say so
basically it's a fight to see who
gives the best information and the one who has
n't been up to par let's say on
Friday we say well you haven't been up to par
the public has decided that
this week you're going to leave you're going to leave of
course that's what I didn't understand
When I saw your website
because now there are like nominations
like Big Brother exactly and I didn't
understand
Friday because the truth is that those of us who
do television daily when
we are not on screen it's something that
really hurts us today So the
ego  no way do you know so basically what
the
executive producer Carlos Mesver came up with is that I'm
going to punish you you're going to go to the Corner of
the Punished
what happened one week he's going to be
in the Corner of the Punished the whole following week
and to come back he has to bring back
an exclusive a bombshell and then the
Jury a specialized Jury of
journalists is going to decide if you're fit
or not to return which in my case
last week they did expel me
and taking advantage of the fact that the
Slvame people were there they put the Slvame people on the
jury and Mara Patia told me I
love you very much but I don't want me to come
back I mean but you're among the
nominees too Yeah all of us all
four with the five drivers we're all in
until you get
an exclusive you can't come back it's
got its kicks eh